hi I'm Tom Schmidt from red feather
snowshoes and I want to show you what's
new right now and red feather first of
all all of our shoes are made in the
United States of America and across
Wisconsin and new this year is our
Alpine Ghost this shoe is a serious shoe
for people who want to take pictures of
wildlife or get out there and do some
nature photography features our epic
binding which is a ratchet system and
also one of the most aggressive crab
boat Allen systems on the market today
the Alpine ghost from red feather
second of all I'd like you to show you
what we're famous for and that is red
feather who started the whole v-tail
market we invented details in the racing
snowshoe the paper was voted as the best
running shoe in the United States for
2011 this shoe is 2.4 ounces for the
pair it features the hypalon decking
titanium crampon and talon and this
thing is smoking hot our national racing
team uses these and wins everything they
in sight we also came out with a whole
line of shoes for women the pace 25 is
just one example is that it does come in
two sizes to 21 to 25 a little bit
thinner shoe to accommodate a woman's
stride as an excellent crampons handling
system again powder coated steel trail
walking even
this is a shoe for women that they
should have we also came up with a
hybrid snowshoes arrow which which
features a hybrid western round tail
where the shoe actually nests with each
step so there's no more clicking when
when you go out walking it also features
a live action hinge that actually fixed
the tail up off the snow so you've got
great mobility and terrific ability to
move around in woods or on packed trails
finally there's our snow paws this is
producer just getting into snow shoeing
these are the fun things snow paws are
great from piling around in the snow and
kids like to scare older adults with
these things by make the tracks and
going hey there's a Yeti in the backyard
look at the tracks so we came out with a
whole line of snow shoes
starting with the snow paw and moving on
to our youth 1 and youth two snow shoes
for kids because we want to see kids get
out in the snow and have some fun that's
what's new in red feather snow shoes
made in the USA and lacrosse Wisconsin
get yours now